max_tx_set_sizenumber refers to ops not transactions per ledger (#396)
stellar/new-docs: content/api/resources/ledgers/object.mdx

  - The reserve the network uses when calculating an account’s minimum balance.
- max_tx_set_size
  - number

>   - The maximum number of transaction operations validators have agreed to process in a given ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The maximum number of operations validators have agreed to process in a given ledger.  Since Protocol 11, ledger capacity has been measured in operations rather than transactions.  For more info on that decision, see [CAP-5](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/core/cap-0005.md#repurposing-ledgerheadermaxtxsetsize).
```

>   - The maximum number of transaction operations validators have agreed to process in a given ledger.

Author: Should this include the caveat "since protocol version 11"?
